Specification to ONNX external data feature (#2939)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: docs/IE_DG/ONNX_Support.md

auto network = core.ReadNetwork("model.onnx");
```

**Reshape feature:**

OpenVINO™ doesn't provide a mechanism to specify pre-processing (like mean values subtraction, reverse input channels) for the ONNX format.
If an ONNX model contains dynamic shapes for input, please use the `CNNNetwork::reshape` method for shape specialization.

**Weights saved in external files:**

OpenVINO™ supports ONNX models which use weights saved in external files. It is especially useful for models larger than 2GB because of protobuf limitations.

> If you want to read such model you should use ReadNetwork overload which takes `modelPath` as input parameter (both `std::string` and `std::wstring`).

Reviewer: Should weightPath be empty? What happens if user specifies it?

Author: Right, `weightPath` should be empty.
If user fills it with sth, there are two option:
1. If pass is not correct path the exception is thrown from [ie_network_reader.cpp](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/openvino/blob/6c341df85a3016222b9d16f02d766c28cb22924d/inference-engine/src/inference_engine/ie_network_reader.cpp#L211)
2. If pass is correct the exception is thrown from [ie_onnx_reader.hpp](https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/openvino/blob/3c718809d3d124e5156d240d660de15e7fd857fc/inference-engine/src/readers/onnx_reader/ie_onnx_reader.hpp#L39)

Author: I added update about not supported `ReadNetwork` inputs

Reviewer: Please add information that `weightPath` must be empty. In other case you will get an exception.

Author: @ilyachur I added this information (+ about other not supported parameters) below:
```
The described mechanism is the only possibility to read weights from external files. The following input parameters of `ReadNetwork` function overloads are NOT supported for ONNX models and should be passed as empty (or `nullptr`)
...
```
just to not mixing topics.
Do you think that it will be clear?

Author: + you are right that I'll add info about exception

auto network = core.ReadNetwork("model.onnx");
```

**Reshape feature:**

OpenVINO™ doesn't provide a mechanism to specify pre-processing (like mean values subtraction, reverse input channels) for the ONNX format.
If an ONNX model contains dynamic shapes for input, please use the `CNNNetwork::reshape` method for shape specialization.

**Weights saved in external files:**

> OpenVINO™ supports ONNX models which use weights saved in external files. It is especially useful for models larger than 2GB because of protobuf limitations.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
OpenVINO™ supports ONNX models that use weights saved in external files. It is especially useful for models larger than 2GB because of protobuf limitations.
```

Reviewer 3: You can also say "which store weights in external files"

Author: done

> If you want to read such model you should use `ReadNetwork` overload which takes `modelPath` as input parameter (both `std::string` and `std::wstring`).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To read such model, use the `ReadNetwork` overload that takes `modelPath` as an input parameter (both `std::string` and `std::wstring`).
```

Reviewer 3: "such models" or "such a model"

Author: done

> Note that `binPath` argument of `ReadNetwork` should be empty in such case, because paths to external weights are saved directly in an ONNX model.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Note that the `binPath` argument of `ReadNetwork` should be empty in this case, because paths to external weights are saved directly in an ONNX model.
```

> Otherwise a runtime exception will be thrown.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Otherwise, a runtime exception is thrown.
```

> Otherwise the runtime exception will be thrown.

Reviewer 3: What does "otherwise" refer to here?
```suggestion
Otherwise a runtime exception will be thrown.
```

> Reading models with external weights is not supported by `ReadNetwork(const std::string& model, const Blob::CPtr& weights)` overload.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Reading models with external weights is not supported by the `ReadNetwork(const std::string& model, const Blob::CPtr& weights)` overload.
```

> The paths to external weights files are saved in a model file as relative to the model location.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Paths to external weight files are saved in an ONNX model, relative to the model's directory path.
```

> Paths to external weight files are saved in an ONNX model, relative to the model's directory path.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Paths to external weight files are saved in an ONNX model; these paths are relative to the model's directory path.
```

> It means that if there is a model:

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
It means that if a model is located at:
```

`home/user/workspace/models/model.onnx`

> and a file which contains external weights:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
and a file that contains external weights:
```

> `home/user/workspace/weights.data`

Reviewer 3: I don't think weights can be stored in a higher-level directory.
```suggestion
`home/user/workspace/models/data/weights.bin`
```

Author: It is supported (I am not sure if it is real scenario): https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/openvino/blob/58fa4b6f76bf7b9f64b2cf61fed9ffc29995b600/ngraph/test/models/onnx/external_data.prototxt#L44
For me it is good example because it emphasizes that the path is saved as relative

Author: Fixed in https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/openvino/pull/3098

the path saved in model should be:

> `../../weights.data`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
`data/weights.bin`.
```

**NOTE**

* A single model can use many external weights files.

> * In a single external weights file can be saved data to many tensors (it is processed using offset and length values which can be also saved in a model).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* Data of many tensors can be stored in a single external weights file (it is processed using offset and length values which can be also saved in a model).
```

> * Data of many tensors can be stored in a single external weights file (it is processed using offset and length values which can be also saved in a model).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Data of many tensors can be stored in a single external weights file (it is processed using offset and length values, which can be also saved in a model).
```

> The described mechanism is the only possibility to read weights from external files. The following input parameters of `ReadNetwork` function overloads are NOT supported for ONNX models and should be passed as empty:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The described mechanism is the only possibility to read weights from external files. The following input parameters of the `ReadNetwork` function overloads are NOT supported for ONNX models and should be passed as empty:
```

> The described mechanism is the only possibility to read weights from external files. The following input parameters of `ReadNetwork` function overloads are NOT supported for ONNX models and should be passed as empty (or `nullptr`):

Reviewer: I checked `nullptr` doesn't work. Please fix this message.

Author: done

* `const std::wstring& binPath`
* `const std::string& binPath`
* `const Blob::CPtr& weights`

> More details about external data mechanism you can find in [ONNX documentation](https://github.com/onnx/onnx/blob/master/docs/ExternalData.md).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
More details about external data mechanism can be found in [ONNX documentation](https://github.com/onnx/onnx/blob/master/docs/ExternalData.md).
```

> More details about external data mechanism can be found in [ONNX documentation](https://github.com/onnx/onnx/blob/master/docs/ExternalData.md).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can find more details about external data mechanism in [ONNX documentation](https://github.com/onnx/onnx/blob/master/docs/ExternalData.md).
```

> In order to convert a model to use external data feature you can use [ONNX helpers functions](https://github.com/onnx/onnx/blob/master/onnx/external_data_helper.py).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To convert a model to use external data feature, you can use [ONNX helpers functions](https://github.com/onnx/onnx/blob/master/onnx/external_data_helper.py).
```
